Zombie Game Simulation Design

1. Period of Simulation
The threads will be turned on and off with new updated parameters on a daily bases as selected by the player. This means a series of actions based on threading will
be happeaning per period, the queues with game objects will then update themselves, threads will finish their operations a a player will be posed with a question if
he or she wants to continue.

Note: There need to be daily limitations when it comes to the spread of the virus or the tempo of healing or military action limited inside the classes and within the
given probabilities. 
  
2. Map
This symulation is based in a fictional location on an island called "East Side Land". There will be 5 cities named after the inventors of the simulation: Mackers City 
- Nogales Village - Gulans Town - Albono Hills - Zeidel Borough. The infections will randomly start in one of those cities and first rapidly spread amongst it, while 
within the first days the spread to other cities will happean, but on limited grounds. 
  
3. Class for people
In here we will create an instance for a human physically living in our island, they will be described by either one of the three states: healthy, infected or dead. 
The state will change dynamically as the symulation progresses and other differernt classes interact with each other. Those classes will be added to cities unique
for one of the five cities. Zombies will be appended to a zombie queue, unique for each city. All those people will be run as threads, they will be able to do the 
following things:
As healthy:
- Change cities on limited basis.
- MORE ACTIONS TO BE DEVELOPED AS FOLLOWS
As zombie:
- To infect others and make them zombies with (maybe with a time delay).
- Mutate with limited probability to different more infectious classes. 
- MORE ACTIONS TO BE DEVELOPED AS FOLLOWS
  
4. Class military
In here we will create military personel appended to the city queues, whose purpose will be to kill zombies. There will be different military types with different
ranks and zombie cleansing capabilities. They will be able to do following things:
- Kill a number of zombies depending on type and rank, given some probabilistic model. 
- Move cities where they are more necessary. 
- NOTE: They also can get infected. Then they are zombies with special capabilities. 
- MORE ACTIONS TO BE DEVELOPED AS FOLLOWS
    
5. Class medic
In here we will create medics. Their purpose will be to develop a medicine to heal infected people. The medicine development will take time and will be based on 
the probabilistic outgoing of the game. They will also be the ones to distribute the medicine. They can become infected! They will be able to do the following:
- Develop and improve medicine
- Heal zombies, turn them into people given some probability. 

5. Class nuke (operation Oppenheimer)
If a cities zombie/all creatures population passes 95% the military will drop a nuclear bomb, but only if accepted by the player. There will be only two nukes.
If used a cities all threads are closing and everyone alive as either healthy, zombie, remaining military personel or medic will become dead. The city is no more. 
The class will constantly check if any of the cities meets nukeing conditions. 

All those classes will be run as a thread. All will be added to corresponding queues where they will interact with eachother:
A) A healthy queue for a city. Will contain all healthy people, healthy military personnel, and healthy medics. 
B) A zombie queue for a city. Will contain all zombies from poeple, military and medics classes. 
C) A dead queue for a city. Containing all those who are dead, across all classes. 
   
FEEL FREE TO ADD ANY IDEAS, PLEASE INFORM OF CRUCIAL CHANGES OR RAISING PROBLEMS!!
    
- Sergio: (This is an idea I’m working on for the zombie simulation (already discussed with Jan and Franco): I want to simulate the spread of air contamination in the cities. So every day, there will be a 5% probability for each city to have a contamination on the air (causes are because of the fires and gases). When a city is contaminated, an alert message will be displayed. Then, I will display a simulation for the deaths caused by the contamination in that city. The probability of dying from contamination starts at 2% for every citizen alive, and it will double every two days for each contaminated city since the day the contamination started. If the number of deaths due to the contamination exceeds 10% of the population, an alert message will be displayed. This simulation will continue until all the cities are contaminated, or the game has been stopped or ended. I'll work on it on my own, and If I have any difficulties I’ll let you know (I have already spent 1-2 hours on it).
